title: I hate job searching in the bay
slug: jobs
category: blog
date: 2018-02-24
modified: 2018-02-24
status: hidden

So it's been about *7 months* since I was laid off. I applied to a few places looking for Front End Developer/Web Developer roles. It took me a few bad phone interviews and assignments to realize my skills are not up to par for this current market. This took a few months to realize...ugh.

I switched gears and started looking for email developer roles, since those roles were mostly similar to what I've been doing. Even those, I did not do well. I either didn't have enough experience with dynamic email content or cracked during the on-the-fly technical interview.

Since I wasn't getting anywhere with email developer roles, I started looking for web manager, web optimization, digital marketing / content manager roles. I felt more confident in these interviews.

My most recent interview went pretty well...after going through all the hoops in the interview process, they ended up picking someone internal at the last minute or was it actually because they had to meet some quota to interview a candidate that was "diverse". At least they reached out to tell me I was rejected instead of ghosting me when I ask for an update which happened with the last two interviews.

I might just focus on freelancing for the time being. This really gets to you and makes you question your self-worth and confidence. I hate getting my hopes up...it might as well be a toxic relationship.
